Refine structure of the website (#49)
nlpsandbox/nlpsandbox-website-synapse: wiki/604836-UsersTeams.md

---

## Looking for Team Members?

> Here is a list of users who are not part of teams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of users who are not part of a team yet:
```
